Virtual U: Post-Release Known Issues List (4/9/02)

1. Blackouts on the screen in Win2000 and WinXP

If you experience any blacking out or uneccessary screen flicker when
using VU on Windows 2000 or XP then do the following:

	A. 	Quit VU and open up the folder VU is stored in
		This is most like c:\program files\virtual u

	B.	Locate the cc.exe program and run that.

CC.exe is the debug executable for Virtual U and contains some additional
error trapping code that will improve the video performance on Windows
2000 and Windows XP.

2. Game asks you for CD
The game we have provided is sometimes asking users for the CD a
holdover from the music included in our previous boxed version - you may
hit continue if you are given this message and the game runs normally.
We are working to disable this feature permanently in version 2.01

3. Hiring too many full professors
Our model is currently hiring too many full professors we are balancing
it out for Version 2.01 soon to improve the realistic behavior of our
hiring algorithm.

4. Indirect cost rate doesn't track prior year's budget figures as
closely as we want
Virtual is supposed to set an upper end limit to the indirect cost rate
and is doing so but not as closely as we want. We are fixing this for
version 2.01

5. Administrative and Staff Morales are slightly off-base
We recently discovered that administrative and staff morales are a bit
too low. We are fixing that issue in version 2.01.

6. Research is not hurt when there is a space shortfall
We will be adding a new rule soon that research funding will be affected
greatly by space shortfalls. Enjoy for now the fact that space
shortfalls will not obstruct research success.

7. Bias in faculty hiring toward low-numbered departments
When hiring new faculty and not dictating where hires go there is a bias
toward the computer hiring automatically into smaller sized departments.
We are fixing this in version 2.01

8. Initialization produces too much Financial aid
Our financial aide algorithm is setting financial aid to about 50% of
gross tuition. This is high on average (very high) and we are going to
reduce it to about 20-25% of gross tuition in version 2.01

9. Courses
Our course algorithms that determine how many students are taking
courses, how they are benefiting from class sizes, etc. are still a work
in progress. We expect to have an improved version in 2.01 and in 2.1

10. Faculty hiring sliders not working
In some cases with our first 2.0 build faculty hiring sliders were not
working correctly. Please download our 2.0a patch to fix this. If you
have downloaded after 9am on 4/3 you already have this fixed.
